First of all, the dark spots will disappear.
And drink it with pomegranate juice.
Why?
'Cause if we're old enough to
have black spots, we're screwed.
On top of that, just use
basic skincare products.
I'll give you an essence for free.
Do you know how much a
bottle of essence water costs?
Two hundred thousand won.
No, no, no. You don't have to think about it.
Just give me your address first.
Oh, okay.
You really...
That doesn't make much money.
Why keep doing it?
Mom, if you sell 2 more pieces of this,
Dahyun can go to English academy.
I don't want to go to English cram school.
You're being naughty again.
Okay.
Listen to your teacher,
don't fight with your friends,
Tell me to eat well and
brush my teeth well?
My son is a genius.
I'm a little smart.
After all, I'm your son.
Oh my good boy.
Take care.
- Go to school.
- See you later.
You have to be home early today.
(Department of Safety)
(Dunning Notice)
This is the location information
of the case entrusted yesterday.
Tell me as soon as you find a
mobile phone card near here.
Yes, I understand.
Yoon So Eun.
How long are you going to do all that shit?
Do you think it makes sense
that you're a police officer?
I'm sorry.
What happened?
Have you reported it to the police?
I'll try to find her first...
No, you have to call the police first!
What have you done so far?
Honey.
What if she was kidnapped?
Don't you say such crap.
Hello.
I can't reach my daughter right now.
I called her friends
but they said she didn't go to their house.
She's the type of kid that
won't pick up the phone so late.
The child's mother...
(Unknown number)
Hello?
I'm taking Ah-jin with me now.
Is my Ah-jin all right?
Please put Ah-jin on the phone.
My Ahjin...
Please let me hear my Ah-jin's voice once.
Where is she?
Prepare 300 million won in cash
in 50,000 won bill until tomorrow.
I'll let you know how to give it tomorrow.
If you put someone on
the phone or call the police,
You'll never see Ah-jin again.
Hello?
My Ah-jin...
My... my Ah-jin...
(Kidnapping case of Lee Ah-jin)
What's the matter?
I think I need your help now.
What?
Today, a child named Lee Ah-jin, who's attending
Suyeon Elementary School, was kidnapped.
The kidnapper chose
her mother to negotiate.
But the child's mother fainted
and was lying in the hospital.
Now I need you to
replace the child's mother.
I...
I did a crime prevention
parade every day last week.
There's been a lot of rallies this week.
I'm sorry but...
Can't you find someone else?
Dahyun also goes to that
elementary school, right?
It's all set up. Don't talk
nonsense and get involved.
I'll send you the recording file later
(Team Leader Kang Sung-chan)
I'm taking Ah-jin with me now.
Is my Ah-jin all right?
Please put Ah-jin on the phone.
My Ah-jin...
Please let me hear my Ah-jin's voice once.
Where is she?
Prepare 300 million won in cash
in 50,000 won bill until tomorrow.
I'll let you know how to give it tomorrow.
Minsun!
Minsun! Let me go!
Minsun! Minsun!
Let me go!
- Minsun's mother...
- Hey!
You said you'd protect Minsun!
You said you'd save her!
If you just listen to the kidnappers,
this won't happen!
Why?
Why did my Minsun have to die? Why?
Minsun!
You said you're not going to
do anything dangerous anymore.
Do you really have to go?
It's not dangerous.
I'll be right back.
Oh, really.
Is my Ah-jin all right?
My Ah-jin...
Where is she?
I'm taking Ah-jin with me now.
Is my Ah-jin all right?
Is my Ah-jin all...
Please put Ah-jin on the phone.
Police officer Yoon So-eun is coming in.
Let her in.
Police officer Yoon So-eun
will negotiate with the kidnapper
instead of your wife, who is hospitalized.
All right, please take care of me.
But...
If the kidnapper recognizes that
her voice is not the child's mother...
If it's a female voice of the same age,
I don't think they will notice it.
Okay.
It must be ready.
If the kidnapper call, you can
use this to answer calls in real time.
(Lee Ah-jin kinapping case progress)
I need you to track the carrier's location.
Yes, got it.
He... llo?
Is the money ready?
Yes.
It's in the front of me.
Please, can I hear my Ah-jin's voice...
Please let me hear my
Ah-jin's voice just once.
Please?
Hello?
What happened?
Mom, I want to go home.
- Come quickly and get me.
- Ah-jon, Mom's coming to pick you up.
Just wait a little longer, okay?
Ah-jin...
Did you hear her voice?
Ah-jin is safe.
Well... I just need to
give the money, right?
Tomorrow at 2pm, you will be at
Exit 3 of the nearby department store.
I'll get back to you then.
Let your husband drop off the money.
Excuse me...
Ah-jin... Please let me hear my
Ah-jin's voice once more.
Ah-jin, please.
Hello?
He... hello?
Did you find the location?
It's at Anyang Intersection.
Call the police station for backup.
How's it going?
We can't find anything.
Go look over there.
Yes.
Hurry up!
Roger.
Don't let your guard down
and get ready for tomorrow.
They checked the nearby black
box, but they found no clues.
Hello?
Did Dahyun eat?
Have he eaten?
No, I've been a little sensitive lately.
I put in a little more pocket money.
Yeah, put Dahyun on the phone.
Dahyun.
Have you finished your homework?
Dahyun can do it alone, right?
If you finish your homework,
I'll let you watch a cartoon
when Mom gets home.
Okay.
I'll hang up.
Hello?
30 minutes from now,
You'll go to Incheon Grand Park parking lot.
Open the door and leave.
No, I...
Are you going to arrest him now?
Wait a minute.
Catch him!
What's going on?
Don't move, you son of bitch.
Who are you?
I said I'm not.
I just saw the car door open
and I wanted to see what was in there.
You son of a bitch, aren't
you going tell me the truth
I checked his record.
He's a car thief.
His name is Kim Ki-nam
and has 7 previous burglaries.
He was released from prison not long ago.
I checked his house
and everyone around him.
I didn't find anything.
There's nothing suspicious
about his phone call log too.
You stupid cops.
His aim may not have been
the money in the first place.
I have investigated the
surrounding situation of this family.
They don't have anyone
who has a grudge on them.
It's neither money nor resentment.
Are you feeling a little better now?
How's my Ah-jin?
Well... we're still looking
for her with all our might.
I'm sorry.
Your child doesn't seem to be feeling well.
It's just...
she's a little weak.
Do you have a kid, too?
My child goes to the same
elementary school as Ah-jin.
He's a boy, second grader.
If you keep working outside like this...
your child will be lonely, right?
He's a boy, so he won't.
He's brave.
Sometimes he's very reliable.
He's very sensible too.
Officer.
If your child
is the same situation as
what happened to my child,
what will you do?
What if your child...
come back dead,
What will you do?
I'll find the kidnapper first.
And...
kill him.
After all, I'm his mother.
If my son is gone, my life will be over.
You're right.
I think I'll do the same thing you will do.
Mom?
(Kidnapping case of Jeong Dahyun)
Hello, Jeong Dahyun.
What time is it? Why don't go to bed yet?
Don't you deserve a beating?
Hello?
Mom?
This is Yoon So-Eun, right?
The one who replaced Ah-jin's mother.
What?
Dahyun is in our hands.
If you will just do me a favor,
everything will be fine.
The 300 million won for Ah-jin.
You can just transfer it to me directly.
- You better not to tell your other police colleagues.
- This is..
If you act carelessly
Excuse me, excuse me...
- Hello?
- We can't guarantee Dahyun's life.
That...
- No...
- Because what we value more is Lee Ah-jin's life.
Jeong Dahyun is nothing to us but consumables.
No, wait...
Excuse me, who.. Wh-who are you?
Even if you betray us, we'll find
someone else to give us the money.
Team leader.
Oh, why?
My... my child has a high fever.
He was in the emergency room,
I'll be back right away.
No, you can't. You know the situation.
My child seems to have a severe fever.
Well, try to get back as soon as possible.
Please pick up the phone.
Mom, please.
Ah, really...
Dahyun.
Mom, where did Dahyun went?
I can't find Dahyun!
You can't even look at a child!
Didn't you notice he's gone?
Dahyun.
Dahyun, where are you?
Mom.
Listen to what I have to say from now on.
Someone seems to have
taken Dahyun for a while.
I'll go find him right away
You can't tell anyone about
my son's disappearance.
Do you understand?
I... I understand.
I understand so go and find him right away.
What should I do, my grandson...
How's your kid?
There's a delivery downstairs.
Do you have anything to sign for?
I don't.
Ask the courier carefully
then just bring up the stuff.
What's that?
Oh my gosh.
It looks like a child's finger.
Crazy bastards.
Mother.
Honey.
- Honey, honey.
- Wait a minute.
- Honey.
- Wait a minute, what's that?
Honey, what is this?
Wait a minute, what is this?
Wait a minute!
Honey!
Wait a minute, what is this?
Ah, please!
Because it's a child's finger,
Computer keyboard, mouse, door knob.
Please check these places.
Yes.
My son folded it so well.
Excuse me.
Can you check this out, too?
Yes, sure.
The deliveryman said he didn't ask
the courier company directly.
Instead, I'm contacting him
directly on Mansu-dong Street
and deliver it to him.
Just in case,
ask the courier to describe
the delivery man's appearance
and continue the investigation.
Okay, got it.
Did you get the results?
Yes.
On Ah-jin's belongings
No fingerprints were found
to match the pinky finger.
What?
The pinky finger that was delivered
is not your daughter's.
Then whose finger is that?
Six fingerprints were taken
from your daughter's room.
There's only one fingerprint
that matches that pinky finger.
It's a fingerprint taken from
a child's folded colored paper.
It could be something left
behind by Ah-jin's friend.
Do you know the names of her friends?
Then you mean it's not
our Ah-jin's finger, right?
Yes, that's what it turned out to be.
Why are they putting the other kids' fingers?
That means there are
other abducted children.
Hey, go through all the schools around here.
Start looking for kids who
haven't been to school lately.
Yes, got it.
(Dahyun)
Ah, whose is it?
It's a headache.
What do you want?
That's your son's finger.
Het got naesthetized and disinfected.
Don't worry too much.
I'll find you and I'll kill you.
You'd better take their money.
Who knows?
If you could get the money quickly, your
son's fingers might be able to reconnect.
Team leader!
Be ready.
Yes.
Are you ready?
Hello?
Please give the phone to
the person in charge there.
I don't want to listen to
your acting skills anymore.
Tell me.
Ask the person who plays the fake
mother to bring the money herself.
Her parents are still too inexperienced.
Put the money in the car first
and wait for my message.
I will call again.
He knew she was a double from the start.
I'm counting on you for my Ah-jin's safety.
Don't cry.
I gradually can't remember
the faces of my parents.
It's all right. They're gonna come for us.
My mom is a police officer.
We'll follow you at a
distance of about 100 meters.
I've also installed a tracking
device in the money case.
So we can keep track of your location.
Hello?
Drive on route 42 and
come to Wonhyeon Station.
He said to drive from route 42.
Then go to Wonhyeon Station.
Take care.
Let's go.
Yes.
Let's go!
Hello?
I will say the transaction location again.
I'll never contact you again.
You need to get rid of your colleagues.
Because you will decide
the life and death of two kids.
Where should I go?
Looks like the kidnapper
noticed the tracking vehicle.
He said if I wasn't there
alone, he'd cut the deal.
Then we'll stop following and use the locator.
Go to the route 42 first and we will catch up.
A cash-laden vehicle is passing Wonhyeon Station.
It's heading towards Siheung.
Wait. Where is she going?
What's going on?
Yoon So-Eun.
Yoon So-Eun, answer me!
(Police Sergeant Yoon So-Eun)
The number you have
dialed is now unattended.
What's wrong with her?
My goodness.
What's going on?
- Don't move.
- Why, why?
It hurts so much. Why me?
Nam-soo, did you find anything?
There's nothing suspicious.
I found the tracking device!
What?
Did Sergeant Yoon ditch us?
What is she doing?
(Jeong Dahyun's kidnapping case progress)
Where's my son?
He's fine next to me.
Send my son here first.
Then I'll put down the money
and leave the place quietly.
No, you'll give the money first,
and then I'll let the kid go.
Otherwise, we'll cancel the transaction.
Didn't I bring 300 million won?
You have to take this.
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Dahyun!
Mom!
Mom, don't come here! Don't!
No, don't.
No, don't do it.
No, I don't want.
I'm so scared.
Put the money case in front of you.
Then get back in your car.
Where's my son?
I don't want!
I don't want...
Where's my son?!
Mom.
My finger...
Mom!
Mom, it hurts.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, please...
I'm on my knees, please.
I'm on my knees like this, please.
I'm begging you.
Please.
Please, send back my son.
Isn't there 300 million won here?
I've got the money.
Please stop it now.
I'm begging you.
Put the money there and get out of here.
Stay away as far as possible.
And then I'll tell you where the kids are.
Hey, I got the money.
Where's my son?
I don't know.
Hurry up and tell me.
If you have the courage,
come on and stab me.
What?
Are you threatening me?
Are you?
What the fuck?
Have you forgotten your medication again?
The bitch saw your face.
So I had to kill her. What do you mean I have
forgotten my fucking medication, dumbass!
She's bleeding. She's already bleeding!
Huh?
What's going on?
Won't you get yourself together?
Get the money away.
Go.
Myung-sun, take the child back.
My head...
Dahyun.
Kid, are you all right?
Do you perhaps
saw a boy of your age?
Huh?
A boy your age.
His name is Dahyun.
It's all right, it's all right.
I'm a police officer.
You're Ah-jin, aren't you?
It's all right.
Do you perhaps saw a boy of your age?
His name is Dahyun.
Dahyun...
What?
Dahyun told me you will come to find him.
It's all right.
I have found the kid.
I'll send you the location.
Just hang in there a little more.
The police will be here soon.
Okay?
(Lee Ah-jin kinapping case progress)
(Jeong Dahyun kinapping case progress)
This way.
Ah-jin!
My Ah-jin!
She was sedated and fell asleep.
I don't know until I have a thorough examination.
But it's a good thing she's not traumatized.
Thank you.
But...
She seems to have been hit hard mentally.
She couldn't say anything about
where she was or what happened.
She has traces of surgery in her abdomen.
Is it perhaps the liver?
Yes.
She... had a transplant before.
Nuna.
That police lady...
She betrayed her colleague
and gave us the money.
But she didn't find her
kid herself and fell down.
Damn that policewoman.
I can't wait to get her internal organs out.
I'll go to the convenience store.
Do you want me to buy
you anything you need?
No, thank you.
I'm all right.
What are you doing now?
Where are they?
How would I know?
Which kidnapper will let the hostage go?
They must have remembered
my appearance and address.
But your daughter came home safe and sound.
Are you saying I kidnapped my own daughter?
Where are they?
Tell me.
Tell me!
Anyway,
You really know how to make money.
Can I be as good as you?
Then, let's keep working.
We have to take advantage of our victory.
Looks like they're in desperate
need of RH-negative blood.
A 9-year-old boy who was hospitalized
in a car accident a few days ago.
His size is just right.
And the blood type matches exactly.
But they say he will be discharged
from the hospital tomorrow
to go to the amusement
park with his mother.
Six.
I'll take six.
I see you're eyes are wide open to money.
Who is the one who really
has an eye for money?
The amount remains the same.
That's how grateful you should be.
I'll let you know when
the presents are ready.
If you're in a difficult situation,
you should know how to make money.
Motherfucker.
Why? What?
Do you want to fight me?
He want to have a fight, he want to have a fight.
(Park Hyuk-Jun)
Lee Ah-jin was seriously
injured when she disappeared.
There's no description of the kidnapper's
appearance or where she was abducted.
She will now undergo a thorough
examination at a hospital in Incheon.
And is in need of rest of course.
Has it been found out that that
person committed the crime or hasn't?
The kidnappers have
not been identified yet.
I heard that Yoon So-Eun, the police officer,
and the kidnappers involved in
the kidnapping case are accomplices.
Is that true?
Can you guess where the
missing policewoman is?
An investigation is underway.
I won't answer more questions, that's it.
Team leader, please wait a minute!
(Infirmary)
Class three, Kim Chae-Bin.
Yes.
Where did it hurt?
My stomach hurts.
I see.
Let me see.
Where did it hurt?
Does it hurt here?
No, it doesn't hurt.
It hurts a little.
Take some medicine and you'll be all right.
(School Health Record)
Kim Chae-Bin, Girl, Blood type A (RH negative)
Kim Chae-Bin, what do
your parents do for a living?
- Good bye.
(3 years ago, Philippines)
The operation was very successful.
Thank you.
Thank you so much, Doctor.
Then, can I ask you a favor?
Yes.
Say anything you want.
As long as I can do it, I'll do it.
I'd like to...
I want to start a medical
business in the Philippines.
I need your husband's help.
I heard from Dr. Martin,
your husband is on good terms
with high-ranking government officials.
That's not something I can do...
Ah-jin's mother.
The source of the liver
transplanted for your daughter
wouldn't think it was
such a coincidence, right?
This bunch of idiots who
couldn't even get this done.
It's not even a big deal.
That cop just came to find you.
If you had done it right from the start,
this wouldn't happened.
Get it sorted right away.
If you don't handle it properly,
I'll kill you all.
I'm going to tear you to pieces.
Do you understand?
Answer me.
Answer me, you motherfucker.
What was that?
I thought she was dead.
I didn't know she was alive.
She's alive?
Maybe she'll be there tomorrow.
Damn it, I should've kill her completely.
We only take the children.
Don't do anything useless.
(Jeong Dahyun kinapping case progress)
(Woosung University Hospital)
(Emergency Organ Transfer)
(Emergency Center)
The organs are ready,
then I'll leave it to you.
Hurry and tke them there now.
Hello.
Wait a minute.
A nine-year-old boy?
How is he feeling?
Fingers don't matter.
It would be great if
he were in better shape.
I've already received the present.
I'll take good care of it,
So hurry up and send
those kids to the Philippines.
I have another operation. I'll
be there as soon as I'm done.
Who is she to yell at me like this and that?
Hello.
Does that make sense?
This is Major Crime Unit.
Yes.
Yes, I understand.
Officer Sun.
A car thatwas stolen from
Yeonsu-dong during the day
I think the surveillance
camera caught Sergeant Yoon.
What?
You take the perimeter surveillance first.
And then check her whereabouts.
Yes, I undertstand.
Hello, team leader.
We found Yoon So-eun.
Two children have been sent away.
But
the sea breeze is quite strong.
We must hurry up and depart.
I'll take it there right away so just wait.
But
this kid over here,
I don't think he's feeling well.
Looks like we're going
to feed the sharks at sea.
Okay.
This a good place to start.
Six, right?
Do well.
How am I supposed to get out of
here when people stop their car like this?
Oh, really.
9097, Parking locations of thr
stolen vehicle have been found.
We're on our way to backup.
Copy that.
Take a look here.
(Wanted for main suspect in kidnapping)
(Children's Playground)
It's a balloon!
The police lady showed up.
What?
(Wanted for main suspect in kidnapping)
Wait a minute.
Can you show me your ID?
Goddamn it.
You're Yoon So-eun, aren't you?
I found the suspect.
Damn it, I said I should have killed her.
This motherfucker.
I can see you.
I said I can see you.
Oh, shit.
Yoon So Eun!
What are you doing, you punk?
Put your gun down!
I said put your gun down!
This motherfuking cops.
Myung-sun.
You can't.
Come with me.
Myung-sun.
Fuck them all!
Those motherfuckers!
It's all the lady cop's fault!
I'm going to kill them all!
Calm down.
Things are getting bigger now.
I think we need to go
to the Philippines today.
Before that...
There are still things
we need to deal with.
I hear the sound of the sea.
Sea?
What else do you see around there?
I see a boat.
This crazy bastard.
What if somebody finds out?
Why are you here?
Nuna told me to clean you up.
What?
That's why I told you not to be too arrogant.
(Mom)
(Team leader Kang Sung-chan)
(Newskin and Korea)
(What should I do with your child?)
Where's my son?
You're amazing.
So you're a female.
Now do as I say
so that you can save your son.
I will tell you the location.
M... om
You're going to see Mom.
Is there anything you want to tell Mom?
I...
...will...
...tell Mom myself.
When did you start working together?
When he was nine.
He stole Dad's wallet to
buy me a birthday present.
He was beaten to death by a baseball bat.
He was knocked unconscious
and threw hot water over him.
So that night,
I threw hydrochloric acid on my
dad's face while he was sleeping.
Then I left the house with Junyong.
We've been together since then.
Why are you hiding there?
Police lady!
I know you're hiding there.
Are you digging for your own grave?
Huh?
I can see your hair.
Hide well.
I can see you hair.
Where did she go?
Are you looking for your son?
Go straight down the hill.
We hid him in the dock.
But...
Can you...
Can you find him, after all?
This bitch.
Damn, this bitch.
How did you come here?
Ah-jin is still in our hands.
Why did you suddenly change your mind?
You already know it.
That's a sinful thing.
If you'd known...
you shouldn't have saved Ah-jin.
Ah-jin's life was bought
with the lives of other children.
The supervision in the
Philippines has become stricter.
Do you understand what I mean?
Don't touch my daughter.
Don't touch the other kids, too.
Other kids?
The other kids you need for kidnapping.
So give back the other kids.
Your husband confessed to me.
That Ah-jin had an organ
transplant in the Philippines.
But you got that organ.
We're searching the
kidnapper's lair right now.
According to the counselor,
Sergant Yoon So-eun was among them.
Now, stop and confess the truth.
I...
don't know anything.
Mrs. Hong Yeon-joo.
You are under arrest under allegedly
trafficking in organs and kidnapping children.
You have the right to remain
silent and to have a lawyer.
Everything you say will be
evidence against you in court.
That kid's in bad shape. Is that all right?
Stay still.
We have no time. Let's go now.
Just wait!
They've ran away.
Shit.
(Team leader, I'm sorry for not explaining clearly..
I'm at the port of Haejin on Ganghwa Island.)
Goodness.
Damn it.
I investigated the woman Hong
Yeon-joo mentioned, Seo Hye-jin.
She's been a health
teacher in many schools.
Seo Hye-jin's transfer date coincides with the
disappearance of elementary school students.
That bitch, really.
Where's my son?
Hey!
That bastard.
Damn it.
This crazy bitch.
Where's my brother?
I killed him.
You crazy bitch.
How dare you kill my brother?
A mom like you...
I'm not afraid of anything.
You're risking your life
because you're worried
about to happen to your son.
Dahyun, mom's here.
My Dahyun.
Let's go home.
Breaking News.
Sergeant Yoon So-eun of
Incheon Central Police Station,
who was involved in the kidnapping of Lee Ah-jin,
disappeared four days later
and her son disappeared.
Her son was abducted and
imprisoned by kidnappers.
At the same place, the police found
Ms. A, the kidnapper who was killed.
She's a member of a criminal organization
involved in transnational child organ trafficking.
The police will launch an intensive
investigation to find out who's behind it.
The result of the report
of the missing child case
58% not found after 12 hours
68% after 24 hours
After a week, it goes up to 89%